---
layout: post
title: "Angels"
description: "Rambling."
category: 
tags: [angels, ftl, fiction, ramblings]
---
{% include JB/setup %}
I am standing on the beach, looking across the ocean toward the infinite horizon. I am in awe. How did I get here? Beyond the horizon and out toward distant worlds - are we alone? We have a sense now of the immensity of the universe. What we do not know still far outstrips what we do know and even what we know we cannot be absolutely certain of. Mystery. The universe is a mystery. Where else do we find such immense mystery? A mystery so fundamental to who we are? God the Father, the Holy Spirit, Jesus the Savior - the army of Saints and Angels. A mystery. Are these mysteries intertwined? Are these mysteries one in the same? We are made to celebrate the later mystery as an article of faith. Logical next step is to celebrate the former mystery too as an equal article of faith. No - I do not mean to say we should not pursue the knowing of the secrets of the universe and simply accept our place in it as a measure of our faith. Rather I mean to say we should keep our faith as we endeavor to learn and grow closer to God the Father. For I believe that upon revealing the nature of the universe we begin, ever so cautiously, to peel back the covers on the Kingdom of God the Father. We reveal a little bit about the fabric of heaven as we reveal a little bit about the fabric of space-time.

Back to the first and deepest curiosity in my heart as I gaze out past the sandy shore, beyond the ocean and horizon out toward neighboring stars and beyond to the distant cosmos. Are we alone? Did God the Father place us here above all other creatures as a oasis in some hostile, cosmic wasteland? The thought occurs to me - can humanity be spontaneous? Could we evolve everywhere the conditions are ripe? Much as patterns repeat in all nature, spirals from galaxies to whirlpools to the nautilus shell. Could the pattern of humanity repeat in each place where that pattern is a good fit? Could it be the will of God the Father that all the universe is meant to create pockets where humanity, in His image, can prosper? Perhaps this is the truth of humanity? That instead of alone we are only one iteration of the human pattern and that this pattern is repeated and replayed time and again in an infinite universe.

As I stand on that shore I have another thought. Perhaps we are everywhere in the universe, mostly because it is too frightening to contemplate the alternative that we are alone. However, rather than humanity being some repeating pattern, which suggests a lack of higher purpose, perhaps we are rather a seed left here and elsewhere by the messengers of God the Father... angels sent forth as messengers to carry the word of God to the cosmos.
